greetings people of the Internet today
is Monday the 7th of October 2019 and
this is the IP FS developer U and
documentation and developer user
experience working group this is our
weekly meeting you can find more about
us in our repo including information on
notes on this call and how to join
future calls at github.com
slash IP FS slash Docs this is sort of
an annual week for our meeting it's
gonna be a quick one because last week
was a whole lot of q4 planning we got a
tremendous amount done in terms of
planning but they are planning exercises
so we don't frankly speaking have a ton
of progress to report for this week
since we've been scheduling ourselves
for progress for the rest of four there
are two one-off items one is that q4
planning we did a massive before
planning session amongst the core team
on Thursday we captured all of our q4
project epics which are the sub points
of our okrs
into github issues and then we drafted a
bunch of tasks something like a hundred
different issues associated with each of
those epics broke those off into
bite-sized pieces people on the internet
you will note that all of these have
been t-shirt sized and ones that were
particularly ripe for contributed
contribution are labeled with Help
Wanted and we would love it if you took
a look through those that gives us a
very good overview of what we're gonna
be up to for the rest of the quarter the
other really really awesome thing that I
am so pleased to report is that John
Matthews will be joining us on the 4th
of November as our new new documentation
and technical content strategist hooray
I'm like so happy so happy he is joining
us from the and foundation I'm doing is
a lot of very very relevant and
wonderful topical experience we are very
lucky to have him he's gonna be
onboarding going to be doing sort of
like the PL specific onboarding for a
couple of days that week of 4th November
the following week he'll be joining me
in Colorado for some in-person clothes
working whatever that ends up being you
know anyone else is welcome to
join the Colorado Party should you wish
and then we will all be going to a lot
of weeks so it'll be an exciting
November for John so he's gonna try and
join us not one of these calls sometimes
over the course of this month and
schedule permitting and is also doing a
little bit of tentative work and just
doing a little bit of documentation
analysis before he charges hi myself
awesome stuff
so if you've been following the notes
you'll notice that the format of our
notes and our agenda has changed because
our notes and agenda are associated with
our our quarterly okay our subtasks and
now we have new quarterly okay our
subtasks so the existing list has been
replaced with a new one and for the
purposes of this meeting let's just run
through them very quickly so recurring
item number one Docs be done launched
respect all of this out in the github
issues under epic 1a there's a link in
the notes to this if you want to just
see all of the subtasks that we've
initially expect out and github is being
part of this being launched obviously
this is all subject to change this is
the set of initial issues was just to
give us an idea of what you serve what
we're getting ourselves into
through the size of the effort and
capturing the key things that we know
that we're gonna have to do a side note
and that chris is currently spiking on
this and hopes to have a sort of a very
very minimum view press site or us to
use for user testing in Colorado on the
16th of October which is pretty great
following on from that we have a we have
a an epic for putting together a
deprecation plan for the docs betta not
deprecating at this quarter but as we're
accumulating items and we know of things
and we know we're going to need to
deprecate capturing those in a way that
makes it easier for us to do it when we
do do it those are all in github issues
under epic 1b furthermore epic - a
following down the list this will be
pretty quick is metrics definition and
collection for the beetus a and we
wanted to capture that as its own epics
since we wanted to get
into place very definitely very clearly
what we wanted to gather metrics on in
the new site so that's spectat under
epic 2a that is going to obviously lag a
little bit behind epoch 1a which is
actually launched the docs betta but we
wanted to capture that that's an issue
following on from that is adding a and
is this helpful feedback mechanism to
the betta site that mirrors what we've
got on the existing site but has a
little bit more of an opportunity for
the user to give better feedback more
useful feedback that's an epic 2 P and
Eric you like already did a lot of the
visuals for this yeah I researched again
some other good examples you know Google
Google is a super simple box Apple as
well you know surprise surprise but the
super simple approach I think is going
to net us the most it might notice more
interaction than click no and then it
spawns five other buttons for you to
pick from you know so you know what very
very few people do take do bother to to
click when they like or dislike
something so it's super critical to make
it just a frictionless process and
hopefully it's pretty much ready to be
implemented probably just in the beta
you know it wouldn't bother you know
doing that code for our current site
yeah and the only the only outstanding
issue I think open for Chris is the
length of the text box and how that's
gonna be functionally captured on our
and if we're text limited because it's
gonna be like maybe in a byte capture
and metrics I think as far as I
understand that it's the only thing
outstanding so sweet
link to the widget is in the notes
following on usability testing we expect
this out to a certain degree under epic
to see realizing that we're gonna be
testing a thing that we're building and
we can't fully really get an idea of the
specifics that we want to test yet we
did however under epic to see capture a
number of things that we knew that we
wanted to test on you know namely it's
very basic just a very high level
overall usability
you in one-on-one usability review of
the site that's likely going to launch a
whole bunch of other user testing
efforts that said we are going to be
doing in person testing on the 16th of
October in Boulder Colorado as part of
an IP FS meetup that is most likely
going to take the form of going over the
new navigational structure that that
we've worked on over the last quarter at
the end of the last quarter although
that said it's subject to change really
depending on the sort of audience that
we get at that event we have an item
four features voting that's under epic
2d what this is is having the world at
large help us prioritize we have a
prioritized features list that we
arrived at at the end of the last
quarter but we want to make sure that
people have a good say in there so
that's putting together using a
third-party platform some sort of
features voting page where people can
rank what they want to see first in the
new Docs that should be a fairly simple
task because it's sort of a standalone
that gets its own epic Eric do you want
to talk about the ecosystem on it other
than the fact that we captured in issues
uh it's just the realization that we
have that people find out about ipfs in
any number of ways you know and you know
that is that google is that a medium
post is that talking to someone
is that a Docs that I pay FS that I own
and Pro to school so I think I think it
would be helpful to have just a simple
sentence about each one of those various
places you know phiman poked away at the
different places and then see you know
kind of identify what in the bullet
point form what each offers in a you
know uniquely that others maybe don't or
do to varying degrees and then just kind
of I'm in visualizing because I'm visual
a maybe just a quick little diagram that
where you can see at a glance the ipfs
education ecosystem and and hopefully
that'll be like a baseline
for us to make decisions about how you
know where we're to have smart
interactions between different points
touch points and and you know avoid
overlap just be smart about where we put
content content and I think this is
something you know from four
four-year-old five year old organization
it's the right time to be doing
something like this stuff like this
tends to emerge organically over time
and then it takes a certain concerted
effort to actually analyze the field of
what's been created and unify it under a
single single voice the single pass a
single pathway approach so on so forth
we hope to do our best to free up as
much time as you have to be able to
complete that work so if you are
listening and wants to take on any
issues in any anything particularly in
the content improvement area like I said
please look for things that are labeled
Help Wanted that would help us greatly
that brings us to the next item content
improvement in q4 we've split this out
into two different areas one is content
improvement that was driven by user
feedback either direct user feedback or
things we've received from metrics
things we've inferred from metrics
that's three a and then also working
through the backlog of existing issues
that we inherited from the old doc site
from the old website repo so forth and
those are under epic three B we'd like
to prioritize epic three a obviously
because they came directly from users
that's why we have these in two separate
buckets we did close two small issues
this week it was a slow week due to
planning so following on from that is a
is a really a close reading style of
content audit of our entire
documentation material that we've got
live right now and guidance under next
steps this is also a perfect means for
onboarding John so he's actually
starting on this a little bit already
and the the way for how we're gonna be
doing this is specked out and github
issues under epic three C and then Terry
protocol and ipfs stuff
yeah so I don't know I'm gonna put
myself and you them does that help
interesting okay in our q4 that's what
we just started right our q4 okay ours
for the docs team we have a category
that is phrased as kind of taking the
content from ipfs camp and making it
useful in our documentation and that
includes a number of line items that are
related to proto school which will be
mostly Jill and I working on that and
then one that's related to the
documentation like the documentation
site itself which would be a new hire
working on for the most part but we can
all be flagging the shoots there so
we're still working on that review going
through all of the ipfs camp content to
see what will fit so that's still in
progress one thing I've been away for
the last few weeks so have made no
progress on this during that time but
Jill just finished a first draft of our
next protocol tutorial which is super
exciting so he built the one on the
files API but not M FS which we already
have in this upper tutorial the other
part of the files API and so there is a
draft there which were very open to
feedback on or tweaks I'll be going
through that it's just a first step and
I'll be going through it to look at
wording and all of that stuff but
feedback is welcome and and will be
hopefully wrapping that up within the
next week or two so we can get it live
and then I'll be when I have a little
bit of time digging back into going
through the ipfs camp content because we
have a lot of really good fodder there
for other tutorials and certainly jill
and i can build some of it but we're
also very open to volunteers from the
broader IVFs community and who's
interested and we have a lot of
documentation about how to build a
tutorial so please feel free to reach
out to me i'm sorry if you have any
questions about how to contribute
awesome thank you so much everybody I
think that's pretty much it for for this
week so thank you for joining us anybody
out there in the internet this is an
open call and we would be pleased to
have you on the synchronous call if
you'd like as well like I said any of
the info on this call can be found at
github.com slash ipfs slash Doc's
thank you so much everybody for
where your time I am going to stop
recoil